fix profile creation docs (#79)
evannetwork/api-blockchain-core: docs/getting-started.rst

> First you need to get blockchain core and its dependencies into your project. This can be done using the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First you need to get blockchain core into your project. This can be done using the following methods:
```

Create a new profile on evan.network via API
============================================

When you want to create profiles programatically via our API, you can use the "Onboarding" class on the api-blockchain-core with the function ``createNewProfile``. To create a new profile you have the following prerequirements:

> 1. A previous created profile on the testnet (https://dashboard.test.evan.network) or the mainnet (https://dashboard.evan.network)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A previously created profile on the testnet (https://dashboard.test.evan.network) or the mainnet (https://dashboard.evan.network)
```

> 2. At least 1.01 EVE on this profile when you want to create a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. At least 1.01 EVE on this profile when you want to create a new one as the creation process will be initiated with your existing account.
```

You can also generate your custom mnemonic from the Onboarding class as well.

> The only thing that should be defined is a password and an alias for the profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only thing that should be defined is a password and an alias for the profile.
```

.. code-block:: javascript

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     // require blockchain-core dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        web3Provider,
        { clientConfig: { keepalive: true, keepaliveInterval: 5000 } });
      const web3 = new Web3(provider, null, { transactionConfirmationBlocks: 1 });
      const dfs = new Ipfs({ dfsConfig: ipfsConfig });

      // create runtime
      const runtime = await createDefaultRuntime(
        web3,
        dfs,
        {
          mnemonic: existingMnemonic,
          password: existingPassword
        }
      );

      return runtime;
    }

    async function createProfile() {
      // initialize existing runtime
      const runtime = await initRuntime();
      // generate a new random mnemnoic
      const mnemonic = Onboarding.createMnemonic();
      // alias for the new profile
      const profileAlias = 'autogenerated profile';
      // create a profile for a mnemonic and a given password
      const profile = await Onboarding.createNewProfile(
        runtime,
        mnemonic,
        newProfilePassword,
        {
          accountDetails: {
            profileType: 'user',
            accountName: newProfileAlias,
          },
        });
      console.log('Profile created successfully!');
      console.dir(profile);
    }

    createProfile();

> When all functions run successfully, the message printed out looks like the following and you can then login with the new mnemonic and password on the respective dashboard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When all functions have run successfully, a message like the following will be shown and you can then log in with the new mnemonic and password on the respective dashboard:
```
